[SOUND EFFECT]
[AUDIO LOGO]
>> My life's work based off
of my astrology is to restore
beauty, love, and
unity on the planet.
>> Nothing wrong with that.
>> And that was when I had
a light bulb that went ding,
blue.
People say things all the time.
Words lie all the time.
Energy, energy never lies.
Women have the stargate
enterprise between their legs
where they have
the gift of being
able to birth a child
that was a nonphysical
being into the physical realm.
>> It's a wonder.
>> It's a miracle.
And yet as a society at large,
we put a lot of emphasis
on the masculine energy.
And I'm not just talking
about men and women,
but I'm talking about
the energies, masculine
and feminine.
>> Oh, do we.
>> I've never been in
that much darkness.
>> Four days and four nights.
>> Yes, George.
>> So when you're done,
what has happened?
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
And I'm amazed at our
producers on "Beyond Belief"
because they constantly come
up with just incredible guests.
And we've got another
one for you today.
Blu is the Founder of
Fluorescence, a Modern Mystery
School for women.
She's also a
motivational speaker,
host of the "DeJa Blu" podcast
with more than a million
listeners worldwide.
Blu, welcome to the program.
>>BLU: Oh, it's such
a pleasure to be here.
Thank you so much for having me.
>>NOORY: First of all,
you got to tell us
how you got the name Blu.
>>BLU: That's a great
question to start with.
>>NOORY: It sure is.
>>BLU: I was originally
born Charlotte,
and absolutely love my
name, had no intention
of changing my name.
And it wasn't until
I was in a meditation
and I heard a voice very loud,
very clear, your name is Blu.
It's like, Blu, I'm
not even a big fan
of the color of Blu personally.
So it was a little bit
discombobulating at the time
when I received it.
>>NOORY: Well,
thank god the name
didn't call you purple
or something like that.
>>BLU: Exact-- it
have been green.
It could have been red.
But it wasn't, it was Blu.
And I went home and I
told my friend about it.
And she was like, huh,
super interesting.
I love it.
And so I realized--
I sat with it.
And it was like, no, it's not--
the actual spelling is not
B-L-U-E. It's B-L-U.
And then I stumbled across
a technology or a teaching
by Richard Rudd
called the Gene Keys.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>BLU: Are you familiar?
>>NOORY: Yes, sure am.
>>BLU: And my life's
work in the Gene Keys
are based off of my
astrology is beauty.
And it says if you were to sum
up your life's work into three
words, it's to restore beauty,
love, and unity on the planet.
>>NOORY: Nothing
wrong with that.
>>BLU: And that was when I had a
light bulb that went ding, Blu.
So my birth name is Charlotte.
>>NOORY: So everybody
calls you Blu now.
>>BLU: But everybody
calls me Blu.
And it's the essence of
restoring beauty, love,
and unity on this planet
through my mission.
>>NOORY: You have an
interesting story.
It's the reason you're here.
Tell us about it.
What happened to you?
>>BLU: Whoo.
>>NOORY: Or should I say,
what hasn't happened to you?
>>BLU: [LAUGHS] It's
definitely been an adventure,
I think, just in
general for everybody,
being on this massive rock
hurtling through space
at millions of miles an
hour, held into orbit
by a giant ball of fire.
It's quite interesting
being human in general--
very magical, mystical,
multidimensional
experience just being alive.
And my journey has taken me
on many twists and turns.
It's led me into the seat today.
But where to start--
well, I would say that
about seven years ago, I
was diagnosed with a
hereditary hearing disorder.
>>NOORY: Oh, really.
>>BLU: My brother and I
both were diagnosed with.
We weren't born with it.
>>NOORY: Did it get
progressively worse?
>>BLU: Yes, so it's--
what we were left
with was that it's
getting progressively worse.
It's hereditary.
So it's passed on
through genetics.
And there is no
known cure for it.
So essentially being
in my mid twenties
being diagnosed with this
and experiencing the hearing
getting worse and worse
over time, what it did
is it actually sent a
lot of my energy inwards.
And I feel like--
it's also just going
off of the Gene Keys,
I was a bit of a student
of the Gene Keyes,
and recognizing that the
ethos within the Gene Keys
is that our greatest
challenge is also--
has within it the seed
of our greatest gift.
And I was presented with one
of the greatest challenges
in my life, which is
realizing that I'm
starting to become very
disconnected with what's
going on around me.
Where once I would thrive
in social environments,
all of a sudden I didn't
want to be in social space.
>>NOORY: It kind of
dampered you, didn't it.
>>BLU: Yeah, it was so
discombobulated, confusing.
I felt disorientated.
And so a lot of my energy
that was sent towards going
outwards, [INHALES],,
and went inwards, and--
>>NOORY: Were you depressed?
>>BLU: I was definitely
very sad and very confused.
And I was definitely
a victim of it.
I couldn't understand why
it was happening to me.
Why is this happening
at such a young age?
I feel like I have so
much of my life to live.
And yet I can't hear music
or I can't hear my voice.
So I spent a lot of time alone
because when I was alone,
I didn't have to face
off with the reality
that I wasn't hearing the world.
>>NOORY: What did
the doctors tell you?
>>BLU: The doctors really
were scratching their head
around it.
They couldn't understand
why it was really happening.
And they also didn't
have a cure for it.
So basically what they
shared with me was,
here's your hearing aid options.
That's really all we
can do at this point.
>>NOORY: Which is what
you're wearing now.
>>BLU: I'm wearing my--
I just got them after
seven years of navigating
the world without them.
>>NOORY: You can't
even see them.
>>BLU: They're so-- modern
technology is amazing.
They just--
>>NOORY: Are they really small?
>>BLU: Tiny.
>>NOORY: Now, if you're
not wearing them,
can you hear at all?
>>BLU: I do hear, but
it's very muffled.
So I'm--
>>NOORY: (MUFFLED) I would
sound something like this?
>>BLU: Yeah, you can imagine
when everyone was wearing
the masks during the pandemic,
for the hard of hearing
community, my heart
is goes so deeply
out to hard of hearing
community because we lip read.
When Albert Einstein talks
about how energy is not created
nor destroyed, it's
only changed in form,
so if we're hearing
impaired, well our energy
would have gone towards hearing.
It now has to go somewhere else.
And so for me it went into
the extrasensory perception
of feeling and recognizing that
people say things all the time.
Words lie all the time.
Energy, energy never lies.
You can feel-- as soon as you're
with someone, you can feel--
>>NOORY: Oh, instantly.
>>BLU: How much they're
loving, or if they're judging--
>>NOORY: Or not.
>>BLU: Exactly.
>>BLU: If they're judging.
If they have division in
that internal narrative
but they're saying all of the
right things, you can feel it.
Yet because we're distracted
by our five senses,
we don't give credit to
the extrasensory perception
of our intuition, our feeling,
which actually, I've learnt,
is the only voice I want to
listen to is my intuition,
beyond the mind,
beyond the stories,
and actually into a
deeper level of feeling.
And that is what my
hearing gifted me,
was recognizing I was
given a truth filter,
that the vibrational
words holds messages
that are behind the
actual words themselves.
And so it took me on a
very deep, internal journey
that I ended up working
with Indigenous medicines
with ayahuasca in the
Amazon jungle learning
about life beyond the
veil on a vibratory level,
of what they're operating in.
>>NOORY: We'll get into
some of those things
too on how they've changed you.
Now, your Mystery School
for Women, what is that?
>>BLU: So it's
called Fluorescence.
And it is multiple parts.
We have in-person immersions.
We have online immersions, and
specifically designed for women
to activate the wise, wild,
oracle, wisdom-keeper, ancient
mysteries in modern times,
through a curated curriculum
that allows us to
be able to come
into our fluorescence, come into
the fullness of our expression,
come into the
fullness of our forms.
>>NOORY: To be who
you are, I guess.
>>BLU: Exactly,
at the core of who
you are, not who
you've been told
you are from the
moment you were born,
but who you actually are
based off of a genetic level.
>>NOORY: On Gaia's
Mystery Teachings,
Dr. Theresa Bullard talks about
self mastery and manifestation,
many things that you teach the
women in your Mystery School.
>> True magic happens when we
begin to influence these higher
planes of causation.
But in order to consciously
influence these higher planes,
we must reach high
states of consciousness.
This is something we can do
by learning to shift our brain
waves, overcoming
limited thinking,
and achieving a
state of coherence
with the quantum field.
As we begin to master how
we perceive and process
information or
energy, such mastery
doesn't happen through
a single process.
We must take a
multidimensional approach.
Thankfully, we have many
tools, both modern and ancient,
to support us in
making this shift.
Some of the tools
include meditation,
which we use to bring ourselves
into coherence with the zero
point field, activating our DNA
codes which helps us to express
more of our potential
in the physical body,
exercises to expand both our
physical and spiritual senses
and perceptions.
And these are just a few of
the many tools available to us
to help us become aware of
our multidimensionality.
Daily spiritual practices that
include rituals and energy
exercises are great tools for
harnessing and strengthening
our will.
Meditation primarily
helps to quiet the mind
and expand consciousness.
Rituals, on the other
hand, are more active way
of directing the flow of energy
and applying our higher will.
And it is our will that directs
our mind, which, in turn,
influences the quantum field.
If our will is undisciplined,
then our lower mind
tends to run the show.
And that lower mind
can be a monkey mind
when it is not well trained.
In the Western Mystery
School tradition,
we have a daily
affirmation that we use
to start our ritual practice.
We say, it is by will alone
that I set my mind in motion.
Just contemplating this one
affirmation on a regular basis
can reveal many
secrets to self mastery
and the laws of manifestation.
It is a very important key.
>>NOORY: Do you practice
some of those techniques?
>>BLU: Yeah, the power
of the mind and learning
how to work with it.
>>NOORY: It's
incredible, isn't it?
>>BLU: As opposed to
it being our master,
we become the student, and then
also the master of the mind.
>>NOORY: Which is incredible.
>>BLU: It is the
greatest quantum computer
that no man could ever create.
And when we can
actually understand
the power of the mind,
and how adaptable we are,
and that our external
world is created
from our internal
landscape, and actually
put more emphasis on refining
our internal narrative,
our internal relationship
with our mind,
then we can actually
start to create
a reality that is a byproduct
of a mastery within.
And so this is the
container, the space,
that we hold for women to
fully step into their power,
to step into their voice, their
expression, their creativity,
and more strengthening
of the feminine principle
because as a society at large,
we put a lot of emphasis
on the masculine energy.
And I'm not talking
about men and women.
But I'm talking about
the energies, masculine
and feminine.
The masculine--
>>NOORY: Oh, do we.
>>BLU: --is the hustle,
the do, the make it happen.
However, we override
the feminine principle
of our intuition, our
oracle, our ability
to see beyond the veil, our
magnetism, our receptivity.
There's a very important
essence to activate too.
And so by empowering women into
their voice, into their truth,
into their expression,
we're restoring the balance
on the planet of the masculine
and feminine principles
so that we can actually create
a more harmonious reality
for our children and
our children's children.
>>NOORY: How many people
do you think have been
through your Mystery School?
>>BLU: Well, we only
birthed it a year ago.
>>NOORY: Oh, that's not old.
>>BLU: And we've run three
online programs so far.
I would say about
100 women so far
have gone through the program.
>>NOORY: And you've seen
dramatic change in results,
haven't you.
>>BLU: It is such a blessing
to witness a woman give birth
to her own full power.
>>NOORY: Yeah, I'd love that.
There is a word called alchemy.
When I was younger,
I thought it was
some guy in a little laboratory
in ancient days pouring things,
trying to make gold
and everything.
What does alchemy mean to you?
>>BLU: I like to refer to
alchemy on an emotional level
in the sense of--
with being human, we
have the full spectrum
of the human experience.
So we have the dark side
of the moon, the light side
of the moon, meaning
we have the challenging
emotions, like the
grief, and the shame,
and the unworthiness,
as much as we
have the joy, and the
play, and the creativity,
for the most part.
Now, for me,
emotional alchemy is
to recognize, OK, I have grief,
or I have been given something
very challenging in
my life, like you
have a hereditary hearing
disorder, for example.
Now, it is up to us to recognize
that we are actually not
a victim of our circumstance.
But we can utilize the
challenge and turn it
into something beautiful.
And that is alchemy--
taking something that is lead
and turning it into gold.
So everybody on
this planet has been
dealt something challenging
in their life, something
that is really stumped them.
Now, what we do with it
is what will actually
allow us to leave a legacy
of beauty in our wake
long after we've gone,
depending on our relationship
with turning what is challenging
into something beautiful
and sharing it with the world.
>>NOORY: Blu, on a
Gaia program called
"The Initiation," Matias De
Stefano talks about free will
and alchemy much
like what you have.
>> Free will is not exactly
as we have taught it to be.
It's not just our ability to
choose our destiny in our life
and what we are willing to do.
But what really free
will is talking about
is our ability to
create our own life.
Imagine that you are someone
that is writing a story
to make a movie.
And then you wrote the story.
And you have the
whole idea of what you
want to tell about this story.
And then you have to
make the costumes.
And then you have
to see who is going
to build all the backstage, who
is going to build everything
so it would seem real.
Then you have to learn
your own character.
You have to build the character,
which is your personality.
And from there you need
to learn how to act.
And once you are on the play,
once you are being filmed,
you stop being yourself.
You become the character.
And you can't do
whatever you want
when you are filming it because
otherwise the story won't
make sense.
And that is why you don't have
free will because you already
decided to live what
you have written.
And that is why from the
fifth dimension, the ones that
are seeing all the
script of the movie,
they can change some words in
order to it make more sense.
And that is the holograms from
the fifth dimension helping
us to evolve and be
aware of our evolution.
A lot of beings in
the third dimension
are able to understand
how this works.
These beings were
humans that were
so in touch with the
mother, with the nature,
that the creators, the
elemental beings, the fairies,
the gnomes, every being that
was coming from the darkness
that we see with colors,
the creators of our nature,
they could speak to them,
so they could understand
how to transform realities.
Those are the alchemists.
In history, we call them
the druids, the physicians,
the architects, the
alchemists of history.
So we have a few of
them in every culture.
The shamans for North America
and Siberia and South America,
they all can understand
how reality works.
And they can transform
these realities.
They can open these portals
to create new realities
from nothing, from
the sixth dimension,
by using the ether that connects
us all to create patterns
in the outside.
>>NOORY: I think Matias might
be a reincarnated old sooth
from way back when because
he's got a lot of knowledge
for a young man, doesn't he?
>>BLU: I mean, he's remembering
all of his past lives,
so according to him, we've
lived many, many, many.
And the fact that he has
memory from all of them
allows him to encompass
a large amount of wisdom
in a very youthful human.
>>NOORY: What did you think
of what he was saying?
>>BLU: I resonate very
deeply with his message.
And when I say resonate, I mean
that my body feels at peace
and it feels a remembrance
when I hear his words.
And I do completely agree.
I believe that we are
playing out a movie.
And we are the main role.
We are also the narrator.
We think 60,000 thoughts a day.
And our thoughts are
creating a projection map out
on our reality in
which we live into.
And so when we
can actually start
to shift the narrative,
our internal conversation,
into an empowered story that we
place on subjectively what is,
then we actually start to
live a very empowered reality.
>>NOORY: Blu, why
is it that people
seem to be so
disjointed, and that you
need schools like yours,
people like Matias,
to put things back together?
Why are people so disjointed?
>>BLU: Well, I believe
that the stories that we
have told ourselves
about this reality
that we find ourselves in didn't
necessarily start with us.
But from the moment
that we're born,
we have been told by our mother,
and our father, and the people
that we are around the stories
that they have picked up maybe
from their mother
and their father that
have been projected onto us
around what this reality is
based off of.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>BLU: However, then we
all get to a certain point
where we're asking, but
they've got to be more to life.
I don't feel fulfilled.
I feel sad.
I feel disconnected.
And so the invitation, the
spaces that we are creating,
is not to listen to
the story that we
tell about this experience.
It's about empowering
individuals
to listen so deeply to
actually their own heart,
and their own pulse, and
their own highest excitement
that they create their
world from the inside out.
>>NOORY: Have you
witnessed miracles, Blu?
>>BLU: Yeah, I believe in
miracles, my whole heart
and soul.
I start to notice
them on a daily basis.
>>NOORY: What creates a miracle?
>>BLU: A miracle is
something that the mind can't
wrap wrap itself around,
that it can't comprehend
or be analytically understood.
And yet it happened because you
can see it, or you can feel it.
And true healing has happened.
And I have seen many miracles.
And I believe in the
miraculous nature
of what it means to be alive.
Even the fact that women
have the stargate enterprise
between their legs
where they have
the gift of being able to birth
a child that was a nonphysical
being into the physical realm--
>>NOORY: It's a wonder.
>>BLU: It's a miracle.
And yet, what, there's just over
8 billion people on the planet,
or just under 8 billion
people on the planet.
And every single person, from
the day dot was a miracle.
And yet we become
so disconnected
with the miraculous essence
of what it means to be human.
>>NOORY: My granddaughter
who is married
and has two lovely
little kids has
made me a great grandfather.
And I see their progression--
they live in St. Louis--
through Instagram, where
she posts little pictures
and little videos.
And I'm seeing, for example,
the baby who's one years old
now has gone from this little
infant that could do nothing
to now where she's
really developing
her own little personality,
and she's jumping, around
and she's just starting
to walk a little bit.
It's amazing.
>>BLU: It is a miracle.
And that always all around us.
However, we get so
blindsighted by feeling
that we're supposed
to be doing more,
and I'm supposed to
be somewhere else,
and I'm running a
story of unworthiness,
that we block ourselves
up from seeing
the miracles all around us.
>>NOORY: What do you do
when you are confronted
by somebody who's negative?
>>BLU: Well, first
and foremost, I
feel like people that
are in a negative spiral,
in a negative story,
are actually the ones
that need love the most.
And for the most part, people
are repelled-- or there's a
Repellence from people that are
running a negative narrative--
>>NOORY: Oh, you can feel it.
>>BLU: Exactly.
And so usually people
distance themselves.
However, that negative
narrative is probably
deeply rooted in unworthiness
or self-loathing.
>>NOORY: I call them
psychic vampires.
>>BLU: And then
so the energy will
be sucked out of the space.
>>NOORY: You feel exhausted
standing next to them.
Even if they're
not talking to you,
you just don't know
why you're drained.
>>BLU: Mm-hmm, and that is based
off of the nonvisible realms.
This is the
extrasensory perception
that I was talking about before.
We pick up on these things.
So you can also see, if you
look at somebody's reality,
the external world
is a byproduct
of their internal narrative.
So if their external
world is full
of fractured relationships,
stress, chaos, drama, gossip,
that external world
is a reflection
of the internal narrative
they are telling themselves
and how they are relating
to the world at large.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>BLU: So if you
want to create a life
of true alignment, of miracles,
of beauty, of synchronicities,
of gracefulness, then the best
gift we can ever give ourselves
is to start looking
within, meditation
practices, different
technologies,
different tools, containers
like Fluorescence, or different.
There's many, many, many,
many different spaces
that give us the
permission to actually feel
what is going on internally, as
opposed to distract ourselves
away because when we give
ourselves the courage
to feel what is
actually there, then
we actually return our
power back to ourselves.
And that is the world
that we will create.
>>NOORY: You had
mentioned ayahuasca.
>>BLU: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: It's a plant
medicine basically, isn't it?
How valuable are they?
How powerful are they?
>>BLU: Whoo, even just you
saying the word ayahuasca,
it brings up floods of
emotions and feelings.
She is a female medicine,
originating from Peru
predominantly, and various
places around the world,
working with
Indigenous cultures.
And she is a combination of
a vine and a shakuna leaf.
And it is brewed
over a long period.
It is a very tedious process
to brew this medicine.
And it's a very, very, very
strong psychedelic tea.
>>NOORY: It's thick, isn't it?
>>BLU: Thick, the taste
is really intense.
You know it's medicine.
When you take a taste, it's ugh.
>>NOORY: Is it gooey?
>>BLU: Sorry?
>>NOORY: It's gooey.
It's thick.
It depends who's made
it, where it's come from,
where was the vine grown.
And it will access very
strong psychedelic visuals
as well as highlight all
of the unresolved parts
of our subconscious mind.
>>NOORY: On the Gaia
program "Psychedelica"
guess what they talk about?
Ayahuasca.
>> Ayahuasca was the only
psychedelic session where I had
a sense of a personal therapist,
kind of like a spiritual guide
of some sort,
which I didn't see.
But it was a very clear
sense of energetic presence
and telepathic
communication that's
guiding me in a very specific
way through my sessions,
looking what I should look
at, what I should work on.
And if I didn't
do it, it sort of
returned and was putting
some pressure on me to do it.
It had an intention for
me, what I should do,
what I should become
in that session.
>> The Indigenous of the
Amazon refer to it as Mother
Ayahuasca, known by some to be
the divine feminine principle
and the first woman of creation.
The Ayahueasceros,
or healers, say
it is her that we
commune with for guidance
before, during, and
after drinking ayahuasca.
It is that allows us access
to all that we've forgotten
in this life and all others.
However, in the
initial ceremonies
where people are introduced
to this resident spirit, It.
Can be painful and
quite confrontational
because so much of our
trauma is unknown to us.
And therefore we rarely
acknowledge our baggage
as a part of us.
>> So what ayahuasca does is
she goes through the physical
and energetic body and emotional
bodies that are totally
interconnected.
And she's going through.
Our traumas are
held in the tissues.
And so she's going and
ripping out that stuff.
And so it hurts--
whether it be physical
through nauseousness, or even
actual pain or sometimes we
have that stuff in our thought
processes, our patterns.
And so we're holding
on to the stuff,
and ayahuasca is opening,
opening, opening,
and pulling that stuff out.
>>NOORY: Have you
tried ayahuasca?
>>BLU: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: What does it do to you?
>>BLU: Whoo, probably,
again, a better question
is, what does it not do to you?
Ultimately, how the setup of
the ceremony is that you have
either a maestro or
maestra-- shaman--
that will facilitate
and serve the medicine.
And then you sit in a circle,
depending on where it is,
but usually it's
called the maloca.
And you have your
own individual mat.
And you go up.
And you drink the medicine.
And ultimately it's
not one size fits all.
It's going to be unique
to every single person.
Just like we have our
own unique fingerprint,
we have our own
unique traumas, we
have to quickly
experience-- sorry?
>>NOORY: Does it
hit you quickly?
>>BLU: On average
for me personally
it will hit within
anywhere between 15 minutes
to 45 minutes to an hour.
And depending on the lineage
that the facilitator,
the shaman, the maestra
or the maestro come from,
they will sing icaros.
And icaros are
incredible technology
of a chant that speaks
directly to the medicine.
>>NOORY: Give us an
example of this chant.
>>BLU: Of an icaro?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>BLU: Well, I don't
personally sing icaros.
>>NOORY: Come on, give it a try.
>>BLU: Well, it sounds
a little bit like--
OK.
[NON-ENGLISH SINGING].
>>NOORY: That's a great voice.
>>BLU: Thank you.
>>NOORY: All right,
what does that do?
>>BLU: So it's directly
speaking to the medicine.
And they will-- for example,
in the Shipibo lineage,
they will speak in Shipibo.
And it will say bring me
into the center of my seat.
Connect me with my highest self.
And clean me, clean
me all that is not
of the frequency of my heart.
But it will be in Shipibo.
>>NOORY: How exciting.
>>BLU: So it speaks
to the medicine.
And the icaros is
directly linked.
And then the medicine
almost like a snake charmer.
The snake charmer
will play the music.
And then the snake will
be charmed by the music.
The icaros is directly
connected with the medicine
and will go into the
psychic-shamanic field
to clear away all that is
not serving, whether it's
from sexual abuse, to
addictions, to depression,
to strained relationships.
She will highlight what's
in our subconscious that
needs healing.
And the only way out into
our healing is through.
So she's going to take
you right into the deepest
places of our subconscious
mind and illuminate it
from the inside out, and
then allow us to purge.
Ultimately, ayahuasca
is a purgatory medicine.
So there will be
purging experiences.
And purging, I mean vomiting.
And what this is doing
on an energetic level,
it's clearing out those stories
because when something--
>>NOORY: That doesn't
sound too fun.
>>BLU: It's definitely not fun.
You don't go to drink
ayahuasca necessarily to--
>>NOORY: Have fun.
>>BLU: Get high and
to have a party.
Maybe she'll take you
into states of bliss.
Maybe that's what's needed.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>BLU: However,
for the most part,
it's really actively
descending into your challenge.
>>NOORY: Is there a
dark side of this?
>>BLU: Yes, just like
there's the dark side
of the human nature.
We have to make peace
with our own darkness
to actually reclaim the
light as our default.
And so, for example, if
there's a deep-rooted jealousy
or unworthiness,
we must face it.
And ayahuasca has
an incredible gift
of actually allowing
ourselves to sit
in the face of that story, to
actually rewrite the narrative,
and then the alchemy
of transmuting it
into more space for a new
narrative of beauty, love,
and unity to be born.
>>NOORY: Are you
very spiritual, Blu?
>>BLU: Do you think that I'm
spiritual from the questions
that I've answered you?
>>NOORY: I would say yes.
>>BLU: I'd say so.
>>NOORY: If I were a betting
person, I would say that.
>>BLU: You'd bet on me
to be a spiritual human.
>>NOORY: Yes, I do.
>>BLU: I believe we're all
spiritual humans, whether we
tap into it, whether
we allow ourselves
to strengthen that muscle,
that's a different narrative.
However, by very nature of just
being human and being alive,
we're connected to spirit.
We have our mind.
We have our body.
And we have our spirit.
So we're all spiritual beings.
It's just, do we strengthen
that muscle in the gym,
or do we sort of skip that part?
>>NOORY: Do you ever get
assistance from spirit guides?
>>BLU: Do I get assistance?
>>NOORY: Yes, every day I
sit in front of my altar.
And my altar is a sacred
place, a place of beauty,
where the four directions
are represented
and where I sit in
silence and I listen.
And one of the
greatest teachings
that I have learned
from my hearing loss
is, where am I not listening?
So I spent a lot
of time in silence
listening to the subtleties.
And I have different spirit
guides, my ancestors,
all of those that have shared
my blood that have walked
before me, different animals.
And I would say Princess
Diana is one of my guides.
>>NOORY: Really.
>>BLU: Yeah, she comes in
quite often in meditations.
>>NOORY: How is how
does this occur?
What mode are you in
for this to happen?
>>BLU: Well, for me to be
able to hear the subtleties,
I have to be silent.
And so meditation, just sitting
in silence, and just listening.
And sometimes just a visual
of her face or her embrace
will come in.
And then I'll just
be listening, OK,
what are you here
to share with me?
And she was somebody
that used her voice
in a way that encouraged to
be a queen of people's hearts,
to love people.
>>NOORY: That's very special.
>>BLU: And so she
is an archetype
that supports me to come
and sit on a show like this
and to speak from my heart.
>>NOORY: What is, Blu,
a darkness retreat?
What is that?
That doesn't sound too fun.
>>BLU: Whoo, it's definitely
another one of those things
where it's like, I don't
think I'm going here
for the intention to have fun.
I think I would go for
an ecstatic dance party
if I'm going to go with
the intention to have fun.
If I'm going into
a darkness retreat,
I'm going to face off with
all parts of my subconcious.
>>NOORY: What are they?
What Is it?
>>BLU: So there is a
darkness tree in Oregon.
And it is a manmade
tiny little hobbit
home with a door that goes doo,
doo, doo, down into the Earth.
And it is a room where
there's just a bed, a bathtub,
a meditation mat, and a toilet.
>>NOORY: Underground.
>>BLU: Underground,
you are in the Earth.
And if I was to scream,
no one would hear me
because I am in the
middle of nowhere.
>>NOORY: Why are
you in this place?
>>BLU: Why am I in there?
Well, I believe that
as humans we are
oversaturated with distraction.
We have our cell phones.
And the amount of
information, input,
that is happening, from the
moment we wake up to the moment
we go to sleep.
>>NOORY: So you go down there,
no radio, no television,
no phone.
>>BLU: You are in
the pitch black.
You cannot see anything.
I've never been in that
much darkness, no noise,
there's no Wi-Fi signal.
>>NOORY: Can you see your
hand in front of you?
>>BLU: No, you
can't see anything.
It is pitch black.
There is no difference if
you have your eyes open
or your eyes closed.
>>NOORY: You just feel
for the bed and lie down.
>>BLU: Acquainting myself
with my environment.
>>NOORY: How long do
you stay in there?
>>BLU: I stayed in that for
four days and four nights.
>>NOORY: Four days
and four nights?
>>BLU: Yes, George.
>>NOORY: How do you find
food and stuff like that?
>>BLU: So there's food
that's delivered once a day.
And there is a box on
the wall from the inside
and the outside.
>>NOORY: And you open it?
>>BLU: There are two doors.
So they open and
put the food in.
And then they close it so
there's no light leaks.
And then you open
it from this side--
>>NOORY: And no human
contact, I guess.
>>BLU: No human contact.
So
>>NOORY: When you're done
after these four days and four
nights, what has
happened to you?
>>BLU: I really believe that
the switch has flipped from the
doing mind to the being mind.
And I think that we are
called human beings,
but actually we have forgotten
as a society of what it truly
means to be.
There is such a restlessness of
just, must do the next thing,
must accomplish.
When I'm doing, then
I am successful.
When I am not doing,
then I am then
I'm not being a successful
human in society.
There's this deeply ingrained
belief, and it's exhausting.
And I believe that--
it took me a couple of days
to really get over the hump.
But after-- I would say on
the morning of day three,
there was a deep sense
of internal peace
that I accessed where I
would go into meditation.
And I was at complete
peace with the nothingness.
>>NOORY: I, actually,
I think I'd go nuts.
>>BLU: Well, I
think that there is
an element of raaah, that is the
hump to get into the stillness.
I wouldn't say that
it's for everybody.
It's super challenging.
And my level of gratitude
on the other side of life,
I felt like a newborn baby.
I was hearing the birds for
the first time, the feeling
of the sun on my
face, having this able
body and this incredible quantum
computer, which we call a body,
to actually live my life, these
human connections, the feeling
of the leaves crunching
under my feet,
the things that we
are so distracted by
and we take for granted
every single day.
>>NOORY: Or never notice.
>>BLU: Or never notice because
we've got the blinders on.
I need to be doing more--
actually being a human
being and recognizing
that a lot of magnetism
is born when we
can be at peace with stillness.
>>NOORY: Matias De Stefano has
words of wisdom once again.
>> We in our planet and in
many other planets had not word
for good and bad.
We all the time
called the positive
and the negative forces.
And the better way to understand
how these two forces work
is if you have in a room a
light and you put yourself
in the center.
As closest you get to the
light, the shadow behind you
will be bigger.
So the darkness is
surrounding you.
And as close you get
to the main point
of light, which is
the purpose you had,
the goal, to touch the other
perspective of yourself,
darkness will go all around you.
The light and the darkness
were just projections.
And the only way you can
see both as a creation
is in the center.
If you go through light or you
go through dark, one of those
will embrace you.
And then you will be lost in
one of those perspectives.
So you have all these two
forces to create realities.
But if you move
towards one of them
and you're lost in one
of them, the universe
will hit you from behind.
And that's why to
one of those forces,
we call the negative and the
bad energies of the universe.
The bad energies of
the universe are just
your own shadows
trying to remember you,
that you are out of your way.
When everything
is going bad, when
the whole forces of the
universe is telling you,
this is not your way, and
suddenly everything goes down,
it's not because there is a
bad force in the universe.
It's because you were so
far away from yourself
that that energy that
we call the mission
is pulling you back so you
can find your center again.
The only reality is unity that's
why you cannot go towards one
of those perspectives
because they are not true.
They are just a
perspective to see yourself
from another dimension.
>>NOORY: Words of wisdom, Blu.
>>BLU: Once again, he's done it.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Much like
what you've said.
How do people hear your
"DeJa Blu" podcast?
>>BLU: How do they listen to it?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>BLU: You can go on Spotify and
just type in DeJa Vu podcast,
or even just on Google, a
quick little Google search
and it will brrrrrrpppp,
all different platforms.
It's on all streaming platforms.
Also it's on YouTube.
So if you want to
the videos of it
and see my face with my
guests, I do solo podcasts.
And I have a whole variety
of incredible masters
of their craft on the podcast
going deep into the unspoken
and into the taboo, while
also keeping it light,
and fun, and relatable.
So that's the
"DeJa Blu" podcast.
And you can just find
it online anywhere
if you just type it in.
>>NOORY: Well, continued
success, and thank you
for helping so many people.
>>BLU: Oh, well
thank you, George.
I'm so grateful for your
time, and your presence,
and your brilliant question.
>>NOORY: She's got
an incredible energy,
and you can just feel
it because of the people
she has helped over the years.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."